Update registry upload with new cli behavior (#2280)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/upload/_index.md

        <td><code>module_id</code></td>
        <td>string</td>
        <td><strong>Required</strong></td>

>         <td>The id of the module, including its <a href="/fleet/organizations/#create-a-namespace-for-your-organization">namespace</a> or <code>organization-id</code> followed by its name (pre-populated using the <code>--name</code> you provided in the <code>viam module create</code> command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>The module ID, which includes either the module <a href="/fleet/organizations/#create-a-namespace-for-your-organization">namespace</a> or <a href="/fleet/organizations/">organization-id</a>, followed by its name (pre-populated using the <code>--name</code> you provided in the <code>viam module create</code> command).
```
